Adding testnet doc and misc changes (#191)
drand/website: docs/developer/http-api.md

Note that [the `fastnet` network has been deprecated.](/blog/2023/07/03/fastnet-sunset-quicknet-new/).

### Testnet endpoints

> Furthermore, we also have "testnet endpoints" which are used as a test environment to test our latest changes, potentially helping you detect breaking changes or issues with our latest release before they hit mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, we have "testnet endpoints" which are a completely separate environment for testing our latest changes, potentially helping you detect breaking changes or issues with our latest release before they hit mainnet.
```

> We recommend running your CI/CD against our testnet endpoints as well as our mainnet ones, in order to detect issues early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend running your CI/CD against our testnet endpoints as well as our mainnet ones, in order to detect issues early.
In principle, there may be breaking changes between testnet and mainnet for a few weeks while we roll out new versions.
```

Reviewer: hmm maybe this isn't _best_ here as you mention breaking changes above, though we ought to mention the fact that testnet and mainnet could be out of sync for a few weeks at a time

Author: I don't think that's the case for our relays, is it? We didn't have any breaking changes so far for relays

> We currently have 3 testnet HTTP(s) endpoints being run by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently have 3 testnet HTTP(S) endpoints being run by:
```

- Protocol Labs
    - [https://pl-us.testnet.drand.sh/chains](https://pl-us.testnet.drand.sh/chains)

>     - [http://pl-eu.testnet.drand.sh/chains](http://pl-eu.testnet.drand.sh/chains)

Reviewer: this reads like pl-eu is non-TLS only which isn't the case

- Cloudflare
    - [https://testnet-api.drand.cloudflare.com/chains](https://testnet-api.drand.cloudflare.com/chains)

As you can see, they are currently running various chains as explained below.
We are committed to maintaining the `default`, G2 based, chained testnet chain (`84b2234fb34e835dccd048255d7ad3194b81af7d978c3bf157e3469592ae4e02`) as well as the faster, G1 based, unchained `quicknet-t` testnet chain (`cc9c398442737cbd141526600919edd69f1d6f9b4adb67e4d912fbc64341a9a5`) as long as we run the equivalent mainnet networks.

> Other testnet chains, such as our first "unchained" testnet (`7672797f548f3f4748ac4bf3352fc6c6b6468c9ad40ad456a397545c6e2df5bf`) or our first G1 based non-RFC compliant chain (`f3827d772c155f95a9fda8901ddd59591a082df5ac6efe3a479ddb1f5eeb202c`)  might be deprecated in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other testnet chains, such as our first "unchained" testnet (`7672797f548f3f4748ac4bf3352fc6c6b6468c9ad40ad456a397545c6e2df5bf`) or our first G1 based non-RFC compliant chain (`f3827d772c155f95a9fda8901ddd59591a082df5ac6efe3a479ddb1f5eeb202c`) may be deprecated in the future.
```
